the last time Peterborough and MK Dons
met was in the 2011 League One play-off
semi-finals the posh came through on
that occasion 4-3 on aggregate personal
coming across here assistant referee
flagging
well it all went out the assistant
immediately flagged me when he played
seven minutes this could be my drama
that night person always sent off is
that she cut off chadwick they're still
Swanson he's gone down and it's a
penalty Neto blade strike speed over in
front we've had an incredible opening 12
minutes Vincent with the cross rather
unorthodox shift out it almost worked
it's brilliant safer allege addicted in
i pampered some Belongers knits in here
it's British something longer for Peter
Bratt a pseudo through the lecture David
Martin and ten man Peter Brock are two
girls to the good as Danny Green he's
got four goal really good save a shot
from here electric push it up to the
post test across unless it wasn't sure
they come for it or not and in the end
he needs his defenders to help him out
there some of all finds baldock vinegar
woods and birds in there
Oh what I could say we get by legend
equipped this time the Peterborough
rearguard is broken boys are Lee McLeod
so unluckiness for the goalkeeper Alicia
kits another outstanding stop then you
can only push it out to the cloud
Semih ball someone in head off the bar
and then the follow up into the Grateful
hands of Bobby alleged Nick
and there's the final whistle Peter bruh
have held out with nine men and they've
beat MK Dons by two gold sword